<fontfamily><param>Times</param><bigger><bigger>Oreo Cookie's are 1.75
inches wide. The Golden Gate bridge is 4,200 feet long. How many Oreo
cookies would you need to place end to end in a single line to span the
Golden Gate Bridge?


2,800 28,800 280,000


If one person ate two Chips Ahoy! cookies per minute, it would take six
millennia to consume the amount of Chips Ahoy! cookies Nabisco produces
in a single year. During which periodwould a person have to started
eating just to have consumed Nabisco's 1997 output of Chips Ahoy!?


The Bronze Age		The Juraissic Period	 	The Crusades


The Fritos Corporation was founded in 1938 by a man who shares a first
name with a famous Bugs Bunny cartoon character. Who foundedthe company
famous for Fritos?


Elmer Doolin	Sylvester Sams	Jerry Pappas


Fritos Corporation offers recipes for many delicious Frito-based
entrees on their corporate Web site? Which of the following culinary
delights is not endorsed by the Frito Corporation?


Ham & Bean Frito Pie		 Frito Fish and Chips		Frito Flavored Ice-Cream


The Spamtastic catalog, published by Hormel, offers dozens of eclectic
gift items for fans of processed meat. Which of following cannot be
found in the Spamtastic catalog


Spam Earrings Spam Phonecards Spam Toilet seats


Snapple was founded in the same year that Pope Paul VI died. What year
was Snapple founded in?


1969	1978	1984


Haight Ashbury, the San Francisco street corner known for attracting
activists in the 1960's, has attracted several new store to its famous
four corners in the past decade. Which of the following food emporiums
recently opened on the Haight?


Ben & Jerrys		Spagos	 	Hard Rock Cafe


In Ronald McDonald's first television appearance back in 1963 he was
portrayed by a person who later went on to become a well known NBC
network personality. Who clowned around as Ronald McDonald?


Willard Scott		Peter Jennings		Carol O'Connor


University of Florida researchers developed a beverage in 1965 which
they later named after an icon associated with their institution. Which
beverage did theyc reate?

 

Ovaltine	Gatorade	Tang


According to Ore-Ida corporation how many Tater Tots can comfortably
fit in the average human's mouth?


4	7	14





</bigger></bigger></fontfamily>

